Below, you can find the description of your twelfth assignment, which also includes its output through a series of GUI screenshots. In this assignment, you are expected to improve your existing Hotel Reservation System by adding persistence to the existing system so that reservations added can be stored and restored after restart or reboots.  In order to save and restore existing reservations you need to add two more buttons to your existing Hotel Reservation System graphical user interface. These buttons specifically should be named as Save Reservations and Load Reservations - see Fig. 1.  Fig 1. System GUI with additional two file save and load buttons On the contrary to the previous assignment, this functionality should not have a minimum number of reservations requirement. Hence, it should be able to save and restore reservations independent of the size of the data. As can be seen in the above screenshot, the user should add new reservations using the usual New-> Reservation menu item and provide the required information for every JOption Input dialog. Independent of the number of reservations, when the system user clicks on the Save Reservations button all reservations in the ArrayList should be stored in a flat (text) file. As soon as the data is saved on the file, the system should indicate the success of the process by popping an information dialog which has the message “Saved!” see (Fig. 2a). All reservations should be stored as in comma-separated value format as shown in Figure 2b and the name of the file should be reservations.csv.  (a) Fig 2. (b) (a) File saved dialog and (b) reservation file structure . If and when the user clicks on the Load Reservations, the data stored on the reservations.csv file is read and the data is parsed and inserted in the Reservations ArrayList. Also, the data inserted into the Reservations ArrayList are parsed and printed on the textArea as can be seen in Figure 3. 
